>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
so what do we do here?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Increment = (n).
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Actually
we could do this
>> Bianca Gandolfo: n + 1.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: n,
so, in this case,
because we're saying n times n and
n + n, we don't need It to
explicitly return or have brackets.
However, I recommend for your sanity,
cuz there's a lot of edge cases,
just to always do it.
Just make your life better.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And so
we have doMathSoIDontHaveTo.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And that equals that,
and we need to have n, func.
Yeah, also we don't need these.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we return func(n).
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Thank you.
Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There we go.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Any questions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's
a nice break from scope.
A scope brain, mush.